# Qualitative Peer/Self Evaluation

### Name: Sipani, Khyati
### Team Number: 7

(1.) On a scale from 1(poor) to 5(great), please judge the overall performance of your team: 4

(2.) In the table below, identify a major strength of each of your group members in relation to the group’s goals and processes. Provide one concrete example to substantiate your answer. Include yourself!

| Group member's name | Strength | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Chen, JinJie|Arduino/C coding|Fast|
|Dohmann, Adrian|Verilog & Arduino|Helped debug Verilog code for Lab 4|
|Huaman, Kenneth|Circuits|Built great amplifier circuits for treasure detection|
|Kehelella, Sanush|Verilog|I always approach him for Verilog questions|
|Pathmanathan, Amanda|Hardware & Physical Components|Worked on wheels|
|Sipani, Khyati|Leadership|Checks work is being done, tries to think ahead|

(3.) In the table below, identify a weakness of each of your group member’s in relation to the group’s process. Provide concrete examples to substantiate your answers. Include yourself!

| Group member’s name | Weakness | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Chen, JinJie|Weak communication|Doesn't always respond promptly in groupme|
|Dohmann, Adrian|Leadership|Could be more assertive|
|Huaman, Kenneth|Weak communication|Doesn't always respond promptly in groupme|
|Kehelella, Sanush|Leadership|Could be more assertive|
|Pathmanathan, Amanda|Attendance|Missing at mandatory group meetings a few times|
|Sipani, Khyati|Not so good with hands-on component of robot building|Unfamiliar with some terminology and tools|

(4.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that worked well, and explain why they were effective.

All 6 of us never work on the same thing, as it is difficult for 6 people trying to work together and still mantain an even workload. Hence we identify future tasks that need to be completed, and some group members work towards those tasks whereas some work towards our present goal. This is effective as everyone has something to do, and we are able to think and work ahead as well.

(5.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that did not work well, and explain why they were ineffective.

We had decided on giving website feedback over the weekend to whoever updated the website, but this hasn't been working so well for the last few labs/milestones as we have been finishing them almost right before the deadline. Also, we usually lose communication over the weekend. Trying to update the website earlier in the week might be a better idea if possible, or maybe giving feedback in the beginning of Monday's lab session for the first few minutes.

(6.) What can you do to improve your own contributions to the group’s goals and processes in the final part of the semester?

I plan to do more research in the upcoming days for a more optimal maze mapping algorithm than what we currently have. I also plan to make our website nicer, and make sure I give better feedback to everyone updating the websites.

(7.) Distribute points among the members of your team (not including you); a higher score means they have contributed more towards the team work. **The total points must sum to 1.**
*Example:
Alice: 0.25
Ben: 0.1
Charles: 0.25
Dave: 0.4*

### Scores:
Chen, JinJie: 0.20  
Dohmann, Adrian: 0.25
Huaman, Kenneth: 0.15 
Kehelella, Sanush:  0.20
Pathmanathan, Amanda: 0.15

